all right everyone welcome back to
ask the king episode 84.
actually i think it's 83. i don't
remember it's for october 8th 2020.
this is part two if you haven't seen
part one yet strongly recommend you head
over
to uh you know they call me excuse me
the king hate vlogs
on uh youtube and check that one out
because it should be live by now by the
time you're seeing this one go live
um if you support the content if you
want to see asta king continue in the
future
even if you're watching this on demand
on youtube rather than live on stream i
urge you
please send a tip over here support it
all right um i was on the fence about
even doing this because we talk every
single day on streams
but it seems like there is a movement of
people
mostly long-standing youtube viewers who
want to see this show that continue
but uh you know obviously we need to
have people support the show right
and have an effort to say that they want
to see you continue and ask questions
that was another thing
this show actually was very hard to get
questions for the show um
this probably is going to be the last
part even though sometimes i do three
parts
this will probably be the last part
because i don't have a lot more
questions to go through
um which again begs the question do we
need to keep doing ask the king
i have scheduled the next episode for
early december
so right now it is scheduled scheduled
tentatively for then
all right
but if you guys think that we don't need
to do it anymore you know
we can change that let me know give me
feedback
let's see what happens alberta ponte
give this up to eggs and sausage
congrats eggs and sausages and thank you
alfredo ponte for the channel support
all right moving on more forum questions
this one's from
cot10 he said can you do a dsp tries on
the new spicy mcnuggets from mcdonald's
yes because i actually already tried
them i didn't do it on camera
it was one day my wife and i were out on
a tuesday
and randomly we just said let's get
mcdonald's and i know it's random
because we would never almost
never eat out fast food like that on our
day out but it was a day when we were
hungry
we didn't have a lot of time we're
already running late let's just get
mcdonald's and they just happen to have
the new spicy mcnuggets and also they
have the new spicy mcchicken sandwiches
which is exactly the same thing
so we got them and i will tell you what
they're like
first of all mcdonald's chicken nuggets
have gotten way worse recently
i don't know if it's just the past few
years but i swear to god anytime i try
to get mcdonald's chicken nuggets now
the breading is puffed up and not even
attached to like the chicken on the
inside
like you'll bite into it and there'll be
a giant pocket of air
between the chicken and the breading and
usually that means there's way less
chicken in the chicken nugget now
um i don't know when this started but i
swear to god every time i get chicken
nuggets it's like this now
all right so just like way less chicken
the chicken is dry now used to be juicy
white meat chicken
now the chicken is kind of dry okay now
i tried these
uh spicy versions
and all it is they add in a little bit
of kick up just
to the spice of it like have you guys
ever been to wendy's and had the spicy
chicken sandwich at wendy's it's really
good it's a ginormous juicy chicken
breast
and they season the coating to have this
very spiciness and it builds every bite
that you
you eat builds the spice okay it
literally tastes like they stole the
spice
from the spicy chicken sandwich at
wendy's and just slapped it onto a
chicken mcnugget
so it's still incredibly disappointing
dry chicken
too much air not enough chicken but the
breading has a kick to it
and that's about it same thing with the
spicy chicken sandwich
it's exactly the same as the old chicken
sandwich with a tiny bit of spice kick
to it when you bite it has a little bit
of b
heat building in your mouth but it's
nothing to write home about it actually
doesn't taste
like different flavoring it just has
heat to it
you know what i'm saying so no it's not
anything special
and if you haven't been to mcdonald's in
a while like oh i want to try the spicy
stuff
there's no reason to it's exactly the
same low quality food as it was
only now has a tiny spicy kick to it
that builds if you eat more
so not very good okay just being honest
the new spicy stuff in mcdonald's is not
very good
okay hotsauce123 asks the following
i was wondering if you get a green
screen since you have room which i do as
you can see now
all this room behind me for all my
halloween decorations a green screen
could easily fit there now
i was wondering if you're still
interested in doing video game news
years ago you said you wanted to start a
new series and you should
are you still interested my other
question is would you bring back hate
live the best thing was back in the day
um i really don't feel
there's a reason for hate live maybe
every quarter
like maybe once every four months i
could do a show where i just talk with
you guys and let you know get caught up
on me
like because the thing is every day we
talk every day we talk about personal
stuff we talk about
stuff in real life gaming stuff
everything we have fun interactions on
the streams
but not everyone can be here for every
single gameplay stream
to be to see that right so
it's nice to maybe have a centralized
place where every few months i'll just
talk about topics that are important
so you guys can get an update on things
that are going on with me
um i understand that we were doing that
in fact i did one of those in january
remember i said every quarter i was
going to do a gaming schedule update
and it would be a half that and half me
kind of talking about me personal stuff
behind the scenes
then covet hit and basically everything
changed right like everything got
screwed up
and really i didn't follow through um
with that idea because there was no
point to it i thought that maybe things
were so uncertain like at one point with
my bankruptcy
didn't know what was gonna happen with
that then i told you guys you know you
got the thing is the things that have
happened to me this year have been
public
because their public thing like the
bankruptcy went through everyone knew
before me
i'm serious the stalkers that i have on
the internet
knew that the bankruptcy was granted
before i was even notified the
bankruptcy was granted they knew it
as crazy as that sounds okay
so yeah like i really haven't had much
to talk about besides just stuff on the
streams if you guys felt every few
months
doing it it wouldn't be hate live but it
would be just a show where i get you
guys caught up on stuff
and then we do a gaming schedule or
whatever if you feel that's meaningful
then maybe i would do it but
after covet broke out everything went
for a loop this year and i never really
got back to doing what i thought about
would be a good idea for this year
now in regards to
doing a game news show the thing is i
talk about gaming news topics every day
on my pre-stream
if you want to hear me talk about gaming
news come to my pre-streams and if
there's a hot
story that i feel is something i want to
talk about i'll talk about it on the
pre-stream
i don't need to set up a green screen
and look like i'm at a news desk
this just in they disassembled the ps5
and the video on youtube has 1.5 million
views in only six hours while the ps4
disassembly only had this many views in
this many hours
what's the point of that if there's a
topic i want to talk about i'll talk
about it on pre-stream we'll talk about
it organically we'll have some
discussion
and we'll go from there but i don't
really think it needs to be a formal
news show at one point i thought about
that because remember back when i was
talking about that years and years ago
i was a youtuber i was not a live
streamer and i was looking for a variety
of content to put on my youtube channel
i wanted to diversify from just doing
the gameplay and that was an idea i had
is
gee if i have more room and i have a
better shooting location i can actually
do like a daily news show
where we go through news topics and
stuff i don't do that i'm a streamer now
i'm
a full-time streamer i don't do offline
content for youtube at
all and people still need to kind of get
that through their heads because they
still
in three and a half years since i
changed guys it was breath of the wild
in early 2017 was the first playthrough
that was a full-time stream where
people still can't get it through their
heads that i'm a full-time streamer
they're still asking me
are you gonna do offline series for
youtube like no
i'm not i'm never going back to doing
that guys
okay um last rambo
says it's been a while since i've been
doing youtube and but and changed to be
a streamer
what prompted you to do that can you
explain your entire experience with
youtube and twitch from the beginning
until now
i remember you mentioned that youtube
flipped the switch and did something in
2016. i'm gonna give a summary
i'm not going to go through the whole
story but some people might want to hear
this because they don't follow all my
stuff and maybe you're a newcomer to my
content from the last couple of years
so i started out as a full-time youtuber
started doing that as a job in 2011 and
it was all about video production
pumping out as many videos as possible
beating as many games in a short period
of time
but i didn't even direct capture i was
using a camera pointing at my tv
in 2013 everyone basically told me you
got to stop being so outdated
you got to jump on the new stuff you got
to do the red car capture
it'll be nice to see a live stream so i
adopted both but even then
when i started doing that i acted as if
i wasn't streaming i acted as if i was
by myself here playing a game
ignoring my entire viewing audience i
didn't have a chat in front of me like
this
where i would talk with you guys and
interact with you at all it was just
as if i were offline playing a game it
wasn't until
the years of 2015 2016
when sadly people started harassing me
and messing with my business so much
that my youtube channel got completely
screwed up in 2015 i got multiple false
copyright strikes against dsp gaming on
youtube
and because of that i was forced to take
action per youtube's instruction
that made me lose millions of views on
my channel
and essentially pushed my youtube
channel out of search rankings so i used
to show up as like one of the top 10 to
20 content creators for gameplay on
youtube
and every fall i would get tons of views
influxing as people started wanting to
see gameplay of the new games
they'd see dsp gaming come check me out
and i get tons of new organic views
from that it went away overnight so i
only had my dedicated viewer base and no
new people coming in to watch my content
anymore okay
um in 2016 i had to change things up and
i said in 2016 i was going to become
someone who split his time between doing
raw gameplay and edited content
in 2016 i launched a new channel called
ko gaming that within six months
got millions of views i had a video that
had over a million views and went viral
on youtube
um so people liked what i did there by
the end of 2016
youtube did something weird that no one
can explain
they flipped some switch behind the
scenes that blacklisted
certain youtube channels and made it so
you couldn't get ads on your videos
i don't know how this happened i don't
know you know what i mean i don't know
exactly what the process was because
youtube was not transparent whatsoever
and ko gaming a channel that was making
thousands of dollars and getting
millions of views
overnight i couldn't monetize any videos
on the channel
then in early 2017 the straw that broke
the camel's back was the youtube
adpocalypse when youtube lost roughly
overnight 50 of their advertisers during
a scandal when it was exposed
that youtube ads were just being thrown
willy-nilly on everyone's video without
any proper screening process there were
videos out there that were racist
sexist terrorist videos that were having
advertisements put on them and major
advertisers like walmart starbucks said
[ __ ] this we're out if you aren't going
to have a system that's professional
we're out we don't want to advertise on
your site anymore and overnight ad
revenue went from here
to here halved overnight someone like me
who relied on ad revenue as my primary
source of income i didn't know how i was
going to pay the bills anymore
so i had to become a full-time streamer
there was no option for me
and in reality it was the best decision
i've made in a long time
and the reason is now i'm the owner of
my own destiny
if i put out quality content and you
guys like the content you will crowdfund
you will tip you will cheer
you will sub and you will show that you
like the content that i'm putting out
through your actual support
crowd funding means the powers in the
hands of the people who like my content
the most
back when i was on youtube the power was
in the hands of youtube
i had to rely on youtube to maintain and
run the site properly
i had to rely on youtube to not do
things behind the scenes that screwed
over my business repeatedly as it did
i do rely on youtube to be able to
actually have an attractive website to
have advertisers come in and want to
advertise on so i could make money on my
videos
and then i had to rely on youtube to
properly divvy out the ads
so the advertisers were happy they did
none of those things properly and
completely [ __ ] up their business in
the course of two to three years
and therefore i had to take matters into
my own hands by becoming a full-time
streamer now
i am in charge of my own content you
know what i mean who cares if
oh oh no i can't run ads on my [ __ ]
streams no one gives a [ __ ] about that
right
if you guys like the content and if you
guys
enjoy it right then you will support the
content
and i will continue to put out the
content and it's reciprocal you know
that's what i mean it's a circle
it's not just i just throw videos out to
the into the wild and if people watch
them i make ad revenue great it's
i put out fun content for you you
support and then i can put out more
content again you see that's how it
works
back and forth give and take it's a much
more organic and honestly a much more
sustainable relationship than relying on
youtube as a company to do the right
thing
so that's what happened since i become a
full-time streamer i love my job way
more
you guys like what i do more it's a
win-win for everybody
okay wu back baby did a 400 bit cheer
says any special halloween memories in
particular halloween's weren't always
great for me
my dad even says this to this day he's
like you know i remember when you were a
kid
it was hard to have a good halloween
because for whatever reason you just had
bad luck trick-or-treating a lot of
times you would go out
couldn't find too many houses that were
giving out good candy
um the weather some years was really bad
on halloween couldn't trick or treat
um you know the only halloween memories
that stand out was always when i had a
good costume i remember one year i made
my own wolverine costume with these
they were actually cardboard but wrapped
in aluminum foil claws that looked
really cool
and then one year i dressed up as uh the
spinning dinosaur i forget what it's
called
from jurassic park they had these
different jurassic park i was i bought
the mask and hands
and people really liked that outfit as
well um
that's about it halloween was never a
huge thing in my house my
my mom would sometimes have halloween
decorations or whatever but it was never
a giant thing or anything like that
so what age i stopped trick-or-treating
relatively early in fact i would
probably say
before i was even a teenager because
like i said it wasn't
it just wasn't good my my neighborhood
was getting worse and worse when i was a
kid
so my parents didn't even want to see me
trick-or-treating anymore because most
people weren't giving out candy because
it was a bad neighborhood
so i had to go to like my great aunts
neighborhood or other neighborhoods and
it just didn't work out
um golden cold's true to getting some
insignificant cheers not insignificant
don't ever say that thank you for the
cheer
okay the last formal question is from
richie seven
and he asks with next gen consoles
coming out
what do you think nintendo's next move
will actually be do you think that
they're going to make a console that's
not underpowered and that will affect
their ability to run third party next
gen games
well richie seven i'm gonna be honest
with you if they tend to announce that
their next console
had five wiggling tentacles in front of
it
and to play games on it you had to walk
and rub your face and slap the tentacles
i wouldn't be surprised i'd be like that
makes sense to me because nintendo
always does the most weird [ __ ] thing
that you need to feel that you need to
innovate when they put out new hardware
okay and sometimes it works
sometimes it doesn't perfect example the
nintendo wii
was a small console tiny form factor
cheap compared to other consoles
had silly motion controls it caught on
with a mainstream audience
all right and it basically allowed
people who weren't
regular gamers to say i wanna enjoy
gaming and jump in
and play a million silly motion control
games that were digestible games you're
playing for 10 15 minutes at a time
you put them down you don't play them
again for hours on end but the console
was the best seller and sold tons of
games because it was the easily
accessible console for the common person
then nintendo says for the wii u we're
going to sell a console
that has a ginormous [ __ ] pad with a
screen built into it
that isn't easy to use it's cumbersome
we're gonna have games that have to
implement this stupid pad
it's not easy for the common person to
just jump in and use it it's kind of
annoying and frustrating actually
their whole thing for the wii u is that
the kid could play a game on the pad
while the t
the parents still have the tv which
makes no sense because essentially most
kids now have consoles in their actual
bedrooms the parents don't want the
[ __ ] console in the living room
regardless so
why is that a factor it's like nintendo
they gamble every time they put out a
new console it's a big gamble
and sometimes the gamble works and
sometimes the gamble doesn't
um the switch i would say very
successful
um probably because nintendo had such a
poor outing with the wii u
people were happy to see them return
back to their roots although admittedly
i don't know how many people actually
use the switch as a handheld console
but it's a huge seller there's great
games for it you know
so i can't really argue oh by the way
you could use like a normal controller
with it instead of having to use the
ginormous pad piece of [ __ ]
so it makes sense that it's successful
again but seriously i would
i would guarantee you the next console
nintendo mix will be a weird one again
it won't they won't care about having
the up-to-date graphics
with the xbox series srx or the [ __ ]
ps5 they're going to do something that's
different
and again third-party developers are
going to have a hard time putting their
games to the console they're going to
not want to really do it that much
it's going to be the same because the
thing is the only way nintendo will
change
is if they fail repeatedly and are
forced to
but nintendo has this rabid fan base of
people
who no matter it's just like the apple
fan base no matter what apple does no
matter what stupid phone they put out
whatever dumb change they make people
still run out and buy the apple products
so as long as that keeps happening
nintendo isn't ever going to change
they're always going to do the weirdo
thing the wild thing yes there are
nintendo players out there who's like
man i just
wish for once nintendo would put out a
console that's normal so we could have
like
insanely insanely good graphics mario or
zelda
i don't think it's ever going to happen
nintendo's always going to do their own
thing
until they're forced to go in line with
other people who are successful
and right now enough people support them
that they don't have to do that they can
keep doing their weird oddball choices
and keep succeeding
so why in the holy hell would they
change you know what i mean
so there you go that's my opinion uh
ladies and gentlemen i received a 50
tip from no couture thank you very much
from nokia tour he also
did a very large tip yesterday this is
by far the biggest tip and biggest
contribution of the day and it helps out
tons
uh as i told you guys am i spelling this
right no it's good to there we go i know
how to spell couture
um as i told you guys
on the pre-stream sadly this week is
really bad for me
financially because of over 1700
chargebacks
uh i am basically
really tight right now to make ends meet
for the next week because i get paid by
twitch in about a week's time
then i'll be all right but i need to get
there so your tips are very much
appreciated being that that was a very
generous tip i appreciate that so much
no couture thank you thank you very much
okay now ladies and gentlemen before we
move on to twitter questions
i would like to give a shout out to the
patrons that's right i still have a
patreon at patreon.com forward slash
darkside phil and admittedly
i'll say this publicly i don't do much
with it anymore because i became a
full-time streamer i find it less and
less there's a focus on my patreon
but a lot of my long-standing supporters
still support me on patreon in
particular those of you who watch these
videos on youtube
and maybe you don't want to come to
streams to contribute you could pledge
to my patreon at patreon.com forward
slash dark side field there's perks
there like getting your question for
sure answered on this show
is still a perk there but almost no one
utilizes it anymore all right
but the option is still there for those
who want to use it
and thank you to those who do special
shout out to those who've been extra
supportive in the past few months
be a patreon all right we've got joshua
king
daniel simpson rasht
bash david denmark big tone 995
ryan storm force gamer villex
casey wood michael dennehalt qpz
mwn planet jeff sean given and thomas
mcdonald thank you guys so very much
for for contributing and supporting all
right
now we move on to twitter questions all
twitter questions the first question is
from mason
and he asks has there ever been a time
in your experience on the internet where
you consider giving up or finding
another line of work what's kept you
going um
yeah i would say there's been two
different times the first time
was around the year 2016. this was the
year
when i was doing all this hard effort
into
diversifying myself instead of just
being a guy playing raw gameplay which
it didn't look like was going to work
anymore after the decline of dsp gaming
in 2015 because of the false copyright
strikes
it looked like i couldn't sustain things
on just raw gaming anymore i was going
to have to
uh you know diversify and do different
stuff
um and i weighed and balanced different
things actually live streaming was one
of them to be a full-time live streamer
but i decided i was gonna do the edited
content and i worked my
ass off i would say it was about a six
to eight month period there
starting like february of 2016
and eventually figuring out what people
liked and what they didn't like they
didn't really like
the montage style stuff that i was doing
they liked the really high quality
edited reviews with detailed analysis of
the game that i had played
from start to finish over on dsp gaming
um
and they liked countdowns i was actually
doing some countdowns that were actually
doing pretty good
so countdowns and the edited reviews
were doing really well
and i remember working my ass off and
finally when that review went live
for um oh god home front the revolution
one of the game i said it was the worst
game i had ever played it went virally
popular on youtube got a million views
in like a month
i was so happy i was like finally all
those idiots who made fun of me all
those years and said that
all i could do was make bad gameplay i
showed you i can make a highly edited
video
that people like the mainstream views
that was the biggest video on
all of youtube about home front of
revolution not a single other video was
made that got more views than that video
about the game
okay um and i appreciated that
and then after that i was getting
anywhere from between
twenty thousand to like a hundred
thousand views on other game reviews i
was doing
that it was actually worthwhile to put
the time and effort and money into it
and i loved what i was doing even though
i was doing way less raw gameplay i felt
like wow i'm actually turning into a
different kind of content creator
right and then the hardcore gaming
season hit and oh by the way yes people
are saying i should put on the gun or
glasses you're right fair enough i'll
put them on
that's that's our deal 50 bucks i put
them on for i forgot my bad
do it ask the king is a little different
so anyway i took a little bit of a break
from doing that style of content because
in the hardcore gaming season i got very
busy playing the new releases
okay and then people asked me to go back
to it
and when i went to go back to it i found
the entire channel had been demonetized
the entire channel every video i had a
video
that was a test video it wasn't even a
video that had content to it
it was dead air and i uploaded it to the
channel as it was uploading to the
channel youtube demonetized it
so youtube blacklisted the channel
basically said we don't want any ads on
this channel
why what did i ever put on the ko gaming
channel
that constituted bad content for
advertisers it was highly edited
well thought out reviews of games
plus countdowns and things i barely even
ever swore on the channel
and they blacklisted it it made no sense
at all now later on about a year later
i tested it and ads worked again but
they blacklisted and i was so
disheartened at that point i was so
disheartened all right by
them doing this that i actually thought
about man i don't really want to do this
anymore and honestly i say late 2016
until i became a full-time streamer you
can see maybe a six six month period
you know i became a full-time streamer
full-time in april of 2017.
so those last couple of months of 2016
in the first few months of 2017
i was i was like so not caring
and of course but you gotta remember
behind the scenes there was other
personal [ __ ] going on in my life that
also was bad
that was just compounding everything um
and making it worse and worse but like
i just didn't want to do it anymore and
i was i don't know what to do because
there's
at that point the job market out here
was okay but not great
i didn't know if i was gonna be able to
go get another job or whatever
um you know i was i was debating at that
point just giving up
but i didn't yeah i stuck in there and
basically what happened was the youtube
adpocalypse happened
and that was when i sat down with you
guys live on a stream and i said what do
i do
because i need to i want to do this for
a living you know i love doing it but
at this point it doesn't look like it's
viable what do i do and you guys
convinced me to be a full-time live
streamer and
man i don't regret the decision at all
okay now the other time
last year in april of 2019 i went to
connecticut to visit my parents who were
getting up there in age not very healthy
they have all these conditions going on
and at the same time decided to get
married to my now wife cat while we were
there
and while we were there i just very
serious discussion with my parents about
the future
and you know my mom was basically like
you're in a situation where you're so
bad off financially
you've got to take drastic action you
know what i mean whether it's
uh changing your job bankruptcy both you
know how
can you really do streaming long term or
whatever um you know what do you think
do you really think it's going to happen
would it be viable
so i came home from that trip
with a mindset that i had to stop
streaming
like my mindset was dead set that
eventually i have to stop streaming
because i don't see how i could make
this work long term um
and then covet happened you know
and if anything this year completely
flipped the world on its head
and you guys this year
came out in droves to support my streams
you made amazing positive things like
the vest
streak happen and keep happening um
you turn my life around between me
getting bankruptcy granted
meaning that weight of all this debt i
had no idea how i would ever pay off
being released was a huge thing me now
being able to get into a position where
i'm
getting caught up on my taxes and the
government's not going to come after me
for not paying my taxes anymore that was
a huge thing
and you guys being so supportive on the
streams allowing me now to do things
like oh my god i can maybe afford the
ps5 and i can maybe upgrade equipment
and stuff
it's just a turnaround and quite frankly
if i had immediately when i got home
from connecticut if i had taken steps to
get a new job and maybe i had gotten a
job at boeing
which is one of the jobs i was
considering it's in the aeronautical
industry the same industry the job i did
before
i did this for a living was helicopter
support it's aeronautical industry i
have knowledge of aeronautics
i could probably jump into a job with
better knowledge than the common person
at boeing
okay or maybe i would get into a
different job different industry who
knows right
i could be completely [ __ ] right now
because kovid
screwed everything up for everyone right
now boeing
just announced mass layoffs in
washington state
they're moving production of a major
cruise liner uh aircraft
out of washington state and moving it to
south carolina so because of that we're
losing tens of thousands of jobs here in
washington state what if i was one of
those jobs
right and truth of the matter is this
year
you guys have shown me more love and
support than any year before
and because of that i can't imagine
saying why would i not want to continue
being a streamer
you know now i'm not saying this will be
for the rest of my life i'm just saying
for now
i'd be an idiot to say oh i'm going to
phase out streaming what this has been
the best year i've had
in a long time positivity wise
amount that i raised via contributions
everything has been outstanding
why i would be a crazy idiot to say i
need to stop streaming
seriously i'd be a [ __ ] when you're
when you're getting to the top and
you're growing why would you stop
right now again i am on the impression
that there is no way
um there is no way that i know i can do
this forever
but at least for now if i'd had any
other job during this pandemic i would
have been out of work or i would have
been working way less i probably would
have lost everything i wouldn't have
been able to afford this house
right but you guys made that possible so
i'm gonna keep streaming i'm to keep
giving back to you guys has there been
times when yes i realized i probably
can't do this forever yes
and i'm sure another thing will come up
where i'm like damn i'm getting older
maybe i can't do this schedule anymore
you know i mean
ideally i'd like to not have to stream
six days a week full-time if i could do
only five days a week and have an extra
day with my family
my god that would be amazing but i can't
afford to do it right now maybe
in the next year if we keep going the
way we're going i can't right
so let's see what happens but you know
i'd be nuts
um i'd be nuts to say i don't want to be
a live streamer right now and try to
stop doing this and do something else i
love what i'm doing
and it's been one of the best years in
the entire time that i've ever done this
so there you go um
a few shout outs here let's see here um
damn the lad
resubscribed for five months and said
how are you doing i haven't been around
in a while i'm doing good dan the lad
it's good to see you thank you for the
five month resell thanks for joining us
major riot cheered and said would you
ever host a television a telethon that
would help abandon rottweilers
what would i host telethon to help
someone
non-profit yes would it be for abandoned
rottweilers i have no idea
back baby cheered and said i remember as
a kid i got scared by someone dressed as
a skeleton the house was pitch black and
all you see is a skeleton coming towards
you
i don't blame you that as a kid a lot of
things are [ __ ] scary
shui 701 did a bunch of cheers but some
of these are doubles i think he screwed
up here first one says
you had more views on your home front
review than ign then he says
he just said it again then he said it
again and he said it again
four cheers all said the same thing
maybe he didn't think they went through
but they all did go through
yeah dude i i had i'm serious that
homefront review i don't know about now
that home from review had more views
than any piece of content on home front
ever on the planet
it had over a million views no one else
was talking about that [ __ ] game like
that
holy wolf adam cheers what's your
favorite vacation spot you've ever been
to
um ever
ever i would say california
um i've been both at hollywood
california
and i've been to orange county i like
the weather
the weather there is warm but not humid
and i like
warm but not humid i remember getting a
crazy good tan when i was in orange
county
for one of the best cans i've ever had
in my life because i was outdoors all
the time
because it was actually hot but it was a
nice heat where you weren't overheating
constantly and i enjoyed that
um and then of course going to hollywood
there's so much to do in hollywood you
could do touristy [ __ ] you could do
other stuff
it's nice so those are the two the the
place that i like the most
california in general but probably the
hollywood uh
stuff that i've done with some of the
best so i still remember to this day
going to like
walking down hollywood boulevard with my
parents and going to
um briefly believe it or not museum the
wax museum
man's chinese theater and going to
universal studios with them as a kid i
remember all that that was like so cool
in my head
you know i'll never forget that stuff
that i did with my parents
okay moving on um
howler asks do you feel the demise of
disc games will lead to buying streaming
services taking excuse me let's try this
again
do you feel the demise of this games
will lead to streaming services taking
over
or do you feel the ps and xbox giving
people the choice of buying digital only
consoles will be used as a measure of
how open to the idea people are
i already mentioned this previously but
i'll say it again they just did new uh
uh
you know actual measurements and the
amount of people
who wanted to get the disk version
versus the digital versions of these
consoles is like
way higher everyone wanted to get the
disk versions
but sadly they were sold out and some
people just had to basically go for the
non-disk versions
when they what they did is what they
they measured on the sites when the
pre-orders went live
what did people go to first and then
like 10 to 1
people wanted the disc version but then
sold out right away so they went to the
digital version
people still want their discs i don't
know why i don't care about discs
i haven't had a game disc in a bajillion
years i don't care about them but
you know people still want their discs i
guess they still like having the
collection the physical collection
or the idea in their mind that if they
wanted to trade it in for five bucks
they could i don't know
um it's interesting what you're saying
though because you're saying streaming
service is taking over
will we one day see right now we got
xbox game pass
right and now playstation's trying to do
kind of a similar thing
will we have netflix for games where
netflix makes an exclusive partnership
with certain game studios and the only
way to get their games digitally
would be to have to get the ex the
netflix subscription and you get the
game through the subscription
rather than paying for each individual
game
that's what's happening right now with
xbox right microsoft just bought out
bethesda
so bethesda is only making games for
microsoft consoles and pc
you need game pass and xbox console to
play them that could have could very
well happen
right in the in the very near future
will we see this i mean we're seeing it
already with game pass and these other
things
but i think you'll still a la carte be
able to buy games i don't think they're
ever for now
they're not going to say oh no you can't
actually go buy
uh elder scrolls 6 by itself you need to
have game pass to play elder scrolls
i don't think so yet maybe long term
that'll happen like netflix
you can only see certain shows and
movies on netflix for a certain period
of months before then those become
outright purchasable as like a disc or
something outside of that
so maybe we'll see that i don't know but
for me
i don't foresee that happening soon
maybe maybe long term we'll see a
streaming service for games
like we have with netflix and hulu and
disney plus
um typical slice cheered and said which
games do you regret admitting to play oh
it's not temple slice excuse me tj game
box boy i read that completely wrong my
fault
tj gamerbox chaser which games you do
regret admitting to playing or playing
on stream i got a feeling it's a phone
game
um no because you know i don't regret
talking about the mobile games i
actually [ __ ] played
at length like i will admit i used to
play wwe supercard a ton
when it first came out i played the [ __ ]
out of it that first year and put money
into it like an idiot i shouldn't have
um dokkan battle um
final fantasy brave exvius those were
games i put time and effort and some
money into
yes until i hit to the point where i
couldn't do it anymore because i had no
money you know i hit the wall there's so
much debt and [ __ ] i was like i can't
spend money on mobile games anymore
i cut the cord that was you years ago um
so yeah like the thing is
regret admitting to playing you guys
know what i play
you see everything that i play i don't
play any games outside of the streams
except for those few mobile games that i
play
i don't play any games outside of the
streams anymore you know like you see
every single game that i'm playing so
you uh
how would i regret to admit it when i'm
playing it publicly you know what i mean
it's for stream or whatever it's for the
business so
i'm not actually sure what you're
getting at there
maybe you just don't know that i don't
play stuff off stream because i don't
okay
uh sarah's gotta cheers i hope you can
go on a vacuum
i can't read today a vacuum
he said i hope you could go on vacation
next year you deserve it
why does vacuum i hope i can ride a
vacuum next year woohoo
right through the house all right i hope
you go on a vacation next year you
deserve it thanks for the content phil
thank you sarah's gotta
at this point i am a far cry from being
able to afford going on vacation
all right be honest if things can keep
going the way they're going now
and nothing else comes up meaning no
crazy oh my god
emergency situation where i got to dump
a bunch of money into something
um there's a strong possibility over you
know
a time frame i can save up some money
and maybe i can afford to do something
like a vacation
i would love to like i said to go to
california or something like that
um but it's definitely not a given and
it's not anything we're even counting on
right now you know
right now i just need to maintain how
things are so i keep paying my taxes
that's my focus
pay my taxes stay on pace don't [ __ ]
up you know that's what i got to do
right now because it took me a long time
to get to a point where i could be
getting back on track
okay
um paradox 998 cheers are you looking
forward to the demon souls remake yes i
am very much
bubble buddy cheers what experience made
you a better person that you learned
most from
i couldn't tell you there's one
experience it's overall over time
seeing how your actions can influence
others in a negative or positive way and
understanding that that
what you do is important you know um
i've changed as a person
a ton in this last decade as a content
creator a ton in this last decade i'm so
different now than i was when i started
i realized now that what i say and do is
important and has meaning and has
repercussions you know rather than back
then it was like i just [ __ ] around and
i don't care what i say or do no one
cares about me or anything so who cares
it's not the case
you know i was irresponsible with the
things that i said when i had a
following
so very different you know very
different situation
um but i i'm not going to go crazy into
deep philosophical stuff right now
jay awkward cheers it would be cool if
you could get a christmas vest for the
holiday season we'll see what's out
there
bubble buddy cheers i think you missed
my two cheers i did not i just read it
and kate sheeran says what are your
thoughts on rambo being world of combat
11 as well as your thoughts on molina i
don't care because i don't play mortal
kombat 11 and i have no desire to
so i have no input on that whatsoever
okay
dome and dandy asks the following
do you think there could be potential in
using phones and tablets in console
games more often for
certain purposes like they try to do
with grand theft auto 5
or you could train the dog using a
mobile app and the progress would
transfer to the game itself
you know it's kind of funny because
in gta 5 when that happened i was
intrigued i was like really
they're going to have an app on your
phone tie into something that's going to
actually have like a concrete impact on
the game
and that blew my mind i was like wow
that could actually genuinely
be a unique situation where you have an
integration because so many people
have mobile phones right and that
they're using console we do this for
everything i use this
for news i use this for entertainment
purposes to talk to you guys
i use my phone for everything it's like
the go-to device in my house
to keep me attached to the world if my
phone died right now i need to use
multiple devices to do the same thing
you see um and so to be able to tie in
your console entertainment with the
phone
is kind of an interesting thing but then
again it was terrible integration that
that app
sucked and by the way half the time it
desynced and didn't work right
and it sucked and it really didn't add
anything to the game at all
um i was curious to see
could there be integration of like other
media forms into gaming and how would it
affect things and when
gta 5 did that i thought wow that's cool
there have been a few other games but
there's been an app maybe that's a tie
into the game but in
in reality hasn't really worked out that
much i haven't really seen many game
devs really give two shits about it
maybe it's just too hard to engineer
something that's going to end up working
with this versus a console which is
their dedicated work obviously you need
to have a different dev team making an
app
for a handheld device or a portable
device then versus a dedicated console
i don't know i haven't seen many many of
those at all right
now many at all okay all right
pale llama cheer thank you very much
pillow llama for the hundred bit cheer i
appreciate that
all right next question is from derek
and he says as a kid
what were some games that you played
that were really challenging it almost
made you really mad rage or even pull
your hair out
you know i could think of a couple games
from back in the day
that really pissed me off because back
then there was no knowing if a game was
good or not
um you know game magazines were just
becoming prominent like nintendo power
game pro and so they would review games
but
before then there was nothing and i
remember in particular two games
that i purchased that i got very very
angry that i purchased them
the first game you've probably never
heard of it's called
abidox this was a game that when they
advertised it on tv they advertised as a
crazy shooter
it was a really wild ad all right
when i bought it it looked interesting
it was a shoot em up if you're not aware
it's a shoot em up game
and it has segments that are side
scrolling as well as like top down going
up uh uh from down to up on the screen
but avidox was not your typical shoot em
up it was very very challenging
ridiculous amount of enemies on the
screen and basically almost always an
instant death unless you picked up a
power up that would give you like kind
of a barrier
um i thought it was going to be like the
shoot-em-ups that i played in arcades
before
it was very different and it was way
more difficult and i did not like the
game at all
the only way i could ever beat it was by
cheating using cheat codes to beat it
so that's the way i saw the ending of it
but i was very disappointed with the
game and i spent a lot of money it was
full price game back then by the way
games were not equal prices
cheaper games or games that were
considered to be shorter would be like
30 40 bucks
while a game that was like a jrpg would
usually be like 70 or 80 bucks because
they were require
regarded as the bigger longer games with
more content and a game like abaddox as
a new release
would be expensive and sometimes games
would drop in price ridiculously in a
short period of time because
no one likes the game so avadox i
remember i bought it as a new release
and it was like i think it was like 50
or 60 bucks
and then within like two months the game
was like 20
because no one liked it and i was so
pissed
because i spent all that money on a game
that i didn't like
and then ended up being shitty but
ultimately
the game that i bought that i felt was
the worst game i bought
i was so angry with the purchase so
upset because i felt that it was
something that was just
misrepresented bart versus the space
mutants that's right the simpsons game
for the nes made by that infamous
[ __ ] game development company
ljn the company that was responsible for
all the big name
licensed cartridge games back in the day
that game [ __ ] sucks
bart versus the space mutants [ __ ]
sucks it's such a bad
game the hit detection was terrible the
jump controls were
wonky as [ __ ] trying to aim a projectile
was
nearly impossible there was an insane
amount of enemies in the game that were
just so
wild you couldn't dodge them you
couldn't do [ __ ] they were always coming
after you everything wanted to kill you
in that [ __ ] game
that game pissed me off because i
loved the simpsons cartoon i watched it
every week with my parents
and i thought that wow this first
simpsons tie-in game for the nes is
gonna be good
dude that game was [ __ ] terrible
that game was so bad i tried multiple
times
to play it again and again because i
felt like man i
i really ripped myself off i bought this
game and i'm not playing it
and i really feel like you know i didn't
get my money's worth i remember once i
played so i got like to the fourth or
fifth level
of this insanely hard game and then i
died it was like you have to start over
i was like [ __ ] this [ __ ]
you're slamming [ __ ] [ __ ] this i was
slammed [ __ ] around my house i was so
angry at this game because i spent money
on it i knew i was never going to beat
it without cheating
i never did beat it i don't think i'm
trying to remember i don't think i ever
beat it legit i think eventually what
happened was i got one of those i rented
one of those game genies
i think i cheated to see the ending
because the game was still too hard
it was just made to be like a really
annoying piece of [ __ ] it really was
um so that's probably my most regretted
purchase from back in the day was bart
versus the space mutants
subsequently there were better games of
simpsons that were made
on future consoles like i remember there
was one um bart
bart's nightmare that one's a hard game
but it's actually
fun like if you when you get through and
beat it every stage is completely
different in the game
and i actually beat that one i did
actually work my ass off and beat the
game and saw the ending
so okay
um continuing on here
jay doge asks seeing as you said you
don't care about 4k or hdr
and you pretty much exclusively download
your games would you consider going with
the cheaper series s
console instead of the series x to save
money on a next generation xbox console
um originally before we actually knew
the differences between the consoles
the idea of a console with no disk drive
intrigued me
when it came to the xbox series s
especially because of the way cheaper
price tag but as i started to think
about it more
i really realized this doesn't make
sense first of all the hard drive on
that thing
512 gigs and by the way that's not
accounting for the operating system
right so 512 gigabyte hard drive um
we have games today that are almost 300
gigs
yeah so i'm saying you really want to
play a console that only fits two
games on at a time by the way if you
didn't hear
they did announce the expansion hard
drive for xbox series s and x it's 300
it's the same [ __ ] price as the
consoles so
wow not very economical
okay um
that being said also so not only is
storage space an issue
you got to really think about this big
picture-wise all right so think about
this you're a game developer
and next gen consoles both of the
playstation consoles are 4k
okay one of the two microsoft consoles
are 4k
just by that knowledge alone by default
you have to develop your games to be 4k
the native resolution of your game is
going to be 4k because the majority of
consoles three out of the four models of
console that people will have
are 4k you're going to develop your game
at 4k first
then if you want to down scale it you
see what i'm saying
then you're going to do that and my
concern
would be getting a console where you're
getting a
forced downscale version of the game may
not run as well of course for me it
doesn't matter because i can't play it
4k
i have to play at 1080p anyway but i'm
just concerned that like the xbox series
s would end up being
ton way less storage space underpowered
and would end up within a year or two
being like a joke wow everyone about
that series this really got
[ __ ] now everyone's just getting the
series x because that's the real console
i really feel that i really feel the
series s is
essentially a way for someone who
absolutely wants to buy into height and
wants to buy into the next console
generation with his first way
to get in on it and afford it even
though they're not future proofing
themselves at all
you're basically buying a ticket a
temporary ticket to play for a year
and then you're gonna have to buy the
other console anyway that's what i feel
i could be completely wrong
or will only know as time progresses
will the series s actually be as viable
as the series x
i don't think it will be i think people
will play it for a year or two oh
[ __ ] i really should have bought that
the better one you know and be very
disappointed about it that's my take
on it i think okay all right before we
continue
i've run out of water and my mouth is
super dry i'm just gonna run next door
to the bathroom quick and refill i'll be
right back and then we'll continue with
question we got about two three
questions left
and then we got some we could do
screenshot questions to wrap up the show
alright so let me fill this up i'll be
right back
[ __ ] i'm stuck my questions are flying
okay told you to be quick
i told you it would be quick a quick
shout out to bubble buddy who cheered
and asked what's your favorite childhood
memories your first system and your
experience getting it
my first system was pong
my first system was a little pong device
that all you do is you plug into your tv
and it plays pong it was two paddles
two buttons that's all it was that
simple pong
two two rectangles a score and a little
square that looked like supposed to be a
ping pong ball bouncing back and forth
that was the whole game
my first real console was the atari 7800
my uncle gave it to me he gave me a
bunch of games with it like dig dug
kerateca moon patrol jungle hunt
that kind of stuff and that was a really
great console i love that was my first
introduction
to gaming at home and actually
my best memories that were playing it
with my dad my dad would come home from
work and we'd sit down and we played a
couple hours a moon
or a couple hours a couple but i'd say
probably like anywhere from 20 to 45
minutes of moon patrol
or caroteca or ball blazer it was a 3d
game with actual polygons in it on an
atari
where these two things would move around
and try to steal a ball and shoot balls
at each other against
this virtual 3d field those are good
feelings because my dad was actually
into gaming with me and wanted to share
that with me
because sadly i had to say this after
that once like nes
and and i started playing arcade games
my parents completely disassociated
themselves from the things that i liked
they didn't like games
so because of me i was always into
gaming
i never got to share those experiences
with my parents they never got into
games they didn't want to try it they
were kind of like this old guard
mentality they weren't
they were to this day they have zero
interest in video games they will not
watch my game videos
which sucks i would love my parents to
actually know what i do but they don't
pay attention
they don't care about video games so
outside like
those i'd say probably a one to two year
period where i played games with my dad
every day after school and when he got
home from work and i really enjoyed that
those are kind of my childhood memories
of gaming
okay continuing on
snow white asked the following i'm sure
you've spoken on this already but i'm
curious if you can do more in depth and
explain on your answer with how the
current world is now do you think we'll
be having to wear face masks and social
distancing
from this point forward or for the rest
of our lives why or why not
well there's
good wishful thinking there's
probably like listening to the experts
and then there's reality which is
probably somewhere in the middle
wishful thinking would be yes one day
everything will be better
the this coronavirus will just become
normalized much like the flu
or like this you know any of these other
viruses that we already have and we'll
have
uh we will have some kind of a
vaccine for it so that people will not
constantly get it and spread it
and it won't become this deadly thing
where we have 210 plus thousand people
dying a year
from the coronavirus in the united
states and eventually because the
vaccine will be able to go out to the
common people at all times it'll be
something widely available much like the
flu
vaccine today we won't have to wear
masks we'll go back to how things work
everything will be hunky-dory back to
the to the beginning right
you can ask the experts and if you ask
dr fauci who's the biggest
expert here in the united states
apparently when it comes to this virus
he basically says
i foresee a vaccine being produced
late this year starting to go out to the
most people who need it as
as badly as possible early 2021
then more widespread redistribution by
the middle to late 2021
and therefore once everyone has access
to the vaccine and hopefully late 2021
then we can maybe get back to normal so
maybe late next year a whole year from
now
we'll actually be able to get back to
our normal lives going out to sporting
events
going to mass group gatherings like
arcades uh
you know things like bars things like
that um and having gatherings of friends
and family around the holidays and not
having to worry about spreading the
virus
okay that was dr fauci but
then there's reality and i am a skeptic
and to me here's what i think we were so
poorly prepared for something like this
right
even with evidence that it could happen
and all that we were so poorly prepared
for something like this
that now we have opened the floodgates
because even if we beat coronavirus by
late next year
there's going to be another one it made
me as deadly
less deadly more there will be another
one there will be the next one and the
next one and the next one
and now you have a world populist that
has now been
shocked and awed by a virus that killed
so many people
that everyone now is going to be like
what the [ __ ] do we do
there's going to be people who are going
to be very afraid to go back to normal
life
you may not realize this in certain
asian countries
okay they wear a mask all the time
they've just adopted it as a way of life
because they have so many outbreaks of
different viruses on a yearly basis
they just don't [ __ ] around they just
wear it at all times and it's funny
because you'll watch
video footage of people in asia walking
around with the master laughs like
hahaha
that's so weird and then it happened
here it ain't so funny anymore is it
because they have to deal with that
every day
because they have outbreaks like crazy
[ __ ] all the time and they actually
integrated it to be a part of their
culture
to be safe like that and we've never
done that right
now on the flip side of this
on the flip side of this okay
we're in a world pandemic situation
right our numbers in the united states
are going up again
we actually have them going down and now
they're going up again all right
and we have entire parts of our country
states
that refuse to do anything about it they
won't mandate mask wearing
they won't mandate social distancing
you've got oh let's just have a giant
biker rally
in our state that allows hundreds of
thousands of people from all over the
country to come and not social distance
and not wear masks and make us
insane super spreader event that will
just make it worse for all americans
because
a few want to have a party this weekend
right so this is what i mean like
even when you have people doing the
right thing
okay you're never gonna have everyone
doing the right thing
unless it's mandated by law unless the
united states of america makes it
law that you must wear a mask you must
social distance
you must do this people will not do it
there are people out there
who are just so up their own ass about
personal freedoms
they feel that when you if you take an
inch you'll then take a mile
that's what they feel if today it's
wearing a mask tomorrow it'll be i can't
do this and i can't do this
even though let's face it in the history
of america in the last hundred years
how many times have we had mandates like
this where we really need to have a
public health health
declaration to try to save people's
lives pretty much none right there's
been things we've had we had west nile
virus
we had the swine flu we had h1n1 was it
right was
that's what it was none of those
were as bad as coving and we never
really had a situation where we have so
many people in our country who are
exposed
and are vulnerable that's the other
thing okay
kovid preys on the weak it looks for
people
who have already pre-existing conditions
you know breathing conditions heart
conditions diabetes and weight
conditions
all these things that americans have
conditioned ourselves to believe
work fine if we have them we could just
medicate them right
kovit doesn't care kovitz says [ __ ] that
you're dead if you have that condition i
don't care what everyone around you told
you that you're okay and you're healthy
you're dead if you have a pre-existing
condition it's really [ __ ] up but
that's the reality of the situation
and we in america have conditioned
ourselves to believe that living
unhealthily is okay
because the doctors just pump us with
drugs and do [ __ ] to keep us alive
now all of a sudden american races say
oh god
we're [ __ ] if you have any
pre-existing condition you're really
[ __ ] here
um my parents are in the highest risk
group
they both have multiple pre-existing
conditions and are completely [ __ ] if
they get coronavirus they are probably
going to die
all right this is a serious ass
situation so when you ask me
will this country ever get back to how
it was i don't know
i don't know if things are going to go
bad like i think there's
unless you mandate it to be law that we
do these things you will never see
across the board agreement
that we need to do them at the same time
i'll be honest i don't like wearing a
mask i hate it i [ __ ] hate it i have
this beard
and you know i build up humidity in the
mask sometimes it's hard to breathe it's
annoying as [ __ ]
i hate wearing a [ __ ] mask by the way
when i had double ear infections
wearing the mask wasn't very very
comfortable it was incredibly painful
because it was pulling my swollen ears
and causing me excruciating pain
i didn't make excuses i went outside and
wore a [ __ ] mask every moment that i
was out there because i care about the
people around here
i don't want to kill people by
accidentally spreading the coronavirus
okay so all that being said
i don't feel that there will ever be
full-on cooperation on on doing these
things until it's made law in the united
states because we have too many people
who have this mindset that
unless it's illegal i do what i want i
have the freedom to do what i want it's
the land of the free i don't care what
you tell me is the right thing to do i
don't care about the person who lives
next door
i don't care about the person who i
wrote me at the grocery store i
certainly don't give two [ __ ] about
anyone i run into out there that i don't
know or
or corroborate with they could all die
so i don't wear a mask there's people in
this country that are that [ __ ] up in
the head all they care about is
themselves and they will do whatever
they want
unless it's the law and now they're
forced to do stuff
right so i would say these mandates and
things they're great
but you have to have enough people who
actually are smart
and actually empathetic sympathetic and
caring enough for their fellow man to
actually do the right thing
to see this to be a widespread deal um
i am nervous that now that we've had
coronavirus this is just the beginning
of a wave after wave of this kind of
[ __ ] happening
and i don't know if it will ever go back
for me
my you know me and my lifestyle and my
wife's lifestyle
has it affected us yes has it affected
us greatly no we still can pretty much
do the stuff that we like to do
we can still eat a certain restaurant
sucks that certain businesses have gone
out of business because we've seen
certain restaurants and businesses
around here that we liked
that are gone now and that's terrible
but
you know to save lives is it worth it
yeah i mean it's
this is tough there's there's no
definitive answer to this but
long term do i ever think we'll fully go
back to how we were
i am skeptical let me put it this way
i would like it to happen but i'm very
skeptical that it will
there we go apparently a hype train has
begun all right
i am going to read a bunch of these
shout outs later
but i have one more question to go from
twitter and then we'll get to these
shout outs from cheers that apparently
got this hype chain going
but just so everyone knows during a hype
train if you cheer
sub or tip um excuse me if you cheer
100 bits or more if you subscribe or
gift a subscription during a hype train
you become part of the hype train and
then you'll earn an emote that unlocks
if we hit a certain height chain level
right now we're at
37 level one with about four minutes to
go so in four minutes if people cheer
100 bits or more
or sub or gift to sub it'll increase the
hype train and you may unlock an emo
if we hit the high chain level okay
thank you for that okay
last tweet question is from joey
he says microsoft buying companies like
zenimax do you think games will become
exclusive to sway people to xbox or a
main multiple platform
since microsoft will get money anyway
what's your opinion on game pass though
i've never been an xbox guy it's a
fantastic service with a lot of support
uncertain and the the message that's
coming out from microsoft is also
uncertain because i think if they make
every single bethesda game a timed
exclusive for xbox consoles that's a
huge win and a huge loss because they
realize
more people are going to want the xbox
series x and a series s to play them
at the same time you have a giant
installed user base for people who
bought the playstation consoles
and now you're telling them they can't
buy your games that's millions of sales
all right i don't know
even even you know that's a tough
because that's a tough decision for an
executive team to make
do we make all of our games exclusives
right
or do we do timed exclusives
or do we just do cross-platform like
like we were doing previously
i don't know i definitely think people
who own the xbox consoles will benefit
i do i think that they will benefit in
some way whether it be timed exclusives
exclusive content the games run better
on the console
i do feel if you have xbox series s and
x you're gonna benefit more from
bethesda games
than if you play them on playstation i
don't i don't know how yet but that's my
feeling that's my general feeling i'm
getting
but i don't know that's a tough question
as for game pass yeah game pass is
giant value for the consumer and
as long as microsoft continuously
acquires more studios that their games
will be under game pass
this will just continue to be added
value for the consumer
there's nothing wrong with that but what
if you only own a playstation
right that's where you get screwed if
they're gonna make these games only
exclusive
um they're going to make them exclusive
to the
microsoft console and you're screwing
over a certain customer base man
it's a tough call it's definitely a a
slip a slippery slope
of how these things can be done so i
don't know you know it's hard to have an
opinion because we don't have any facts
yet i guess we'll have to see what
happens
all right shout outs for those who have
cheered
ladies and gentlemen
shoei 701 cheers microsoft partner with
gamestop check out your email there's a
link
well yes i know people just said this on
the stream but i don't know what i don't
know what the extent the partnership is
and i'm certainly not going to be
reading a giant article now by the way
my email won't even update but
i'm not going to be reading a giant
article now during the stream
to figure this out um i'll probably read
it later try to figure it out and go
from there all right
sorry i can't give you a live reaction
until i get all the facts all right
shout out to whiteboy89 spelled
w-i-g-h-t which is funny because you
know white boy typically is you know
racial but in this case it's not um who
subscribed to the channel thank you for
the cell
by the way guys one minute 12 seconds
left to get on the hype train we have
we're still at 37 percent so it's not
looking good
um luna dooney did 100 he says thank you
for spreading truth on the virus
situation
i'm just giving my opinion i don't know
how it's true but i'm just giving my
opinion
tj game box cheers i feel like people
that don't wear a mask are the ones that
would hide a zombie bite during a zombie
apocalypse of course
they don't care about others they don't
care about you
if someone refuses to wear a mask it's
because they only care about themselves
when scientists are coming out and
telling you there's factual evidence
wearing a mask stops the spread of this
virus and can save lives and you say
i'm going to do it because it's my
freedom it's not the law you can't
make me that person is an immoral
disgusting person who only cares about
themselves
period period there's no other reason
for
it it's like they said it's not a test
of your personal freedoms
it's a it's an iq test if you're dumb
you won't wear a mask there's nothing
else to it
silent general did a 200 [ __ ] here and
he says cases here in the uk are going
up too i'm currently having to
self-isolate as i may have it damn i
hope you're okay silent general
i seriously hope you don't have it if
you do man please take care and do
whatever the professionals they're
telling you to do
don't spread it and take care of
yourself and get better man um
we don't know enough about this virus
that's the problem people who had it and
recovered from it are saying that
they're not better
they're saying that they still have
underlying symptoms that aren't going
away
they're saying that they're having lung
pain overall it's never going away
that's crazy
you know well ladies and gentlemen
we missed the hype train it's over we
missed it
it's over completely we had a chance to
be hyped
and now it can't be
well you know you gotta cope with these
times you take the good with the bad
when you miss a hype train it could be a
very low low
but sometimes you just gotta bounce back
from it okay
i'm sorry though okay furgo cheered and
said
look out there's a giant halloween
decoration crawling behind me where
wooly wooly's a real spider that's not a
halloween decoration i found him outside
uh robert evans cheers i see a lot of
people not wearing a mask or wearing it
but it's down below their mouth that's
because they're idiots
why are you even wearing the mask if
you're not if you
just think about that that's even the
worst situation
i have the mask on my face but then i
pull it below my mouth while i'm out
what
the [ __ ] are you doing why did you even
put it on the face
silent general cheer thank you silent
general bubble buddy cheers and
hypothetically if there's a zombie
outbreak how would you prepare for it
knowing the skills that gamers have
beating zombie games we wouldn't because
they're games there's games versus
reality
and a real life zombie outbreak would
certainly be very different from what
we've been told in games because games
fantasy
reality is very different you know so
it wouldn't help at all it really
wouldn't help at all i'm serious
okay um so guys we have
i have the capability of staying on
stream for another 30 minutes
all right doesn't mean i have to stay it
just means i can if you guys have some
questions you'd like to ask me
um you know we i can stay for a little
bit extra
here have open q a with the chat um
contributions are still appreciated
we have not hit the tips goal yet and i
do need the support this week so you
know just saying
um what do you guys want to do
you guys want to do
favorite video game fast food restaurant
burger shot
there you go well i play minecraft when
the cave update comes out next summer
maybe maybe not
i don't know if i'll play minecraft
again more than likely i'm eventually
going to play it just to
give a send off to a game that i played
for a year and a half consistently but i
don't know if i'll go back to it and
play it seriously again i have no idea
whatever the future holds right
how did you get into the continuous
improvement job did someone recommend it
for you it reminds me of stuff i learned
in i.t and project management
well two-fold number one that's the job
my dad was doing
my dad was doing continuous improvement
work that he was actually getting paid
for
which is why i knew i was getting
underpaid for it because he was getting
paid way more money than me
at the same company that i was doing the
same work at okay
but don't tell anyone the secret anyway
um my dad was doing that kind of work i
was already knew about it and evolved in
it and liked it
okay and then what happened was after
working at my job for about two years
uh my manager pulled our whole team
aside and said
the company is looking for people who
want to go above and beyond with the
possibility of maybe having this
pan out in promotion and other things
later on but you have to do more work
essentially you're gonna have to do your
job as a customer service rep and also
on top of that do continuous improvement
work they wanted to have continuous
improvement reps in certain departments
so that i went for extra training and i
did everything and then basically what
happened was some people
were able to continue doing it while
others were told oh you just got to do
your csr work and i was one of the ones
selected
and told we'd rather have you do the
continuous improvement work rather than
the csr work we'd rather have you
get permission to not do the line level
csr work and instead do this because we
need this whole process redone from
start to finish our repairs process
and our company and they i was it was
cool i was a unique guy in the company
where i was given permission
to not do what my job was supposed to do
and instead do higher level more
important work
even though i wasn't paid for it which
is funny as hell when you think about
that right
so i was basically i did it for two
years i did my normal job for two years
and then because i was
recognized as someone who did a lot of
hard work
that i was given the opportunity to do
more work with the the promise of future
advancement i was actually told i would
get certifications
that would qualify me for a higher level
job doing this exclusively
so there you go um
let's see
timo slice juice do you think the fly
from last night will be next president
he he loved the spot on pence i don't
know what you're talking about
um if you use kirk here he says you have
hbo max or checked it to see if you get
it for free
what do you think of the service and
what have you been watching with it i
don't have it don't have it i have
i have um hulu which cat and i watch a
bunch of shows on every once in a while
usually
like pet shows veterinary shows stuff
like that um i have dizzy plus
and that's what we watch disney shows on
and stuff like that and
um i'm i'm i've decided i'm gonna get
rid of wwe network i haven't used it in
a million years
i just need to go cancel it because i
don't use it anymore there's no point i
don't watch the pay-per-views
i don't watch the shows i'm just i'm
gonna get rid of it so really that's it
i have two things hulu
and disney plus and that's it so no i
don't have hbo max so i can't really
comment on it furious kirk
i did not have a job at gamestop i don't
know what you're talking about someone
said how was my job a game stop
have i considered running more ads
absolutely not
i i don't want to run any more ads here
on on twitch why because i don't get
anything out of it
let's say for example i have an audience
of anywhere from 300 to 700 people
and i run an ad i make like a dollar i'm
not kidding it's like a dollar of profit
so let's say i ran ads every half an
hour okay and i have an audience of 400
people
i would make what 10 a day
i'd rather just not run them i'm serious
i'd rather just not run them there's no
i'd rather not hinder my audience
it'd be one thing if like ads are my
lifeblooding but giant positive benefit
here on twitch they're nothing
they're literally nothing there's no
point in doing it so i'm not gonna
bother with it
okay bubble buddy choose it thanks for
the time
i have to go out but i'll ask one more
question before i go what's your opinion
on ps5 not revealing memory expansion
storage options
xbox just revealed their hand and
already uh and thanks having a good day
yeah i don't know
the thing is a lot of people are
skeptical of ps5 because it comes with a
one terabyte hard drive but it's been
confirmed
that almost 200 gigs of that are already
taken up by the operating system leaving
you with about 800 gigs of storage space
to me that's a good amount to me i could
store a giant game like modern warfare
and i could probably store like five to
six smaller games and i'm okay and i
don't ever want to have
14 to 20 games on my my console i just
don't i just too cluttered anyway
i would only want to have a certain
amount of games on my console at once
so for me that's not a big deal but some
people apparently want this giant
storage space on there okay
um you know for me
i would be nervous about the xbox series
x s is only 512 gigs because you know
some of that is the operating system
now you're talking you can store what
three four games on it tops
you know i don't know and yes it's true
xbox as a reviewer microsoft revealed
that their expansion uh
memory is about 220 to 250
while we don't know what's going on with
playstation right now
maybe it's because playstation actually
doesn't have a viable competitor to that
or something i have no idea
i don't think i'm going to need to
expand for a while though i think i'll
be all right so
okay um almighty derek i already
answered that
he says thoughts on victory man forcing
talent to sign over their rights to
third-party properties like twitch to
make
even more money off of them it's
completely evil he's a scumbag piece of
[ __ ] human at this point
he's an elderly guy who should retire
from his job and let other people run
the business because he does everything
wrong
and he mistreats his employees
constantly what he's doing is breaking
the law you cannot do what he's forcing
them to do
so if they went and sued him in a
class-action lawsuit he'd lose
but at the same time they'd all lose
their jobs because you know he wouldn't
keep them employed
so it's a [ __ ] up situation the
company is is basically really bad
to work for right now because of him he
is a toxic person
and he should be kicked out of his job
it's that simple
um but it's not going to happen because
he owns the majority of the company
you know so there's nothing you could
really do about it timbo slice jerry
says the breakdown sony to the ps5 shows
the ssd is built into the motherboard
and that concerns me because if it goes
bad you're after seeing unlike all the
other
playstations you could always just
remove the hard drive to replace it
right
but it's an ssd so you're f either way
the ssd is one of the most expensive
components of the console if it goes bad
you're spending a ton of [ __ ] money
you might as well buy a new console
anyway
seriously that ssd itself probably costs
like three hundred dollars
so uh hybrid wolf to be a dollar fifty
says my headset uses an optical cable
the ps5 doesn't have one or does it are
we forced to use the playstation one
thoughts on that no there's no optical
out whatsoever on playstation 5 or xbox
series s
or x what they're going with with these
consoles is
3d audio that's built into the console
by default
and there's two ways you can implement
it you can either use a headphone jack
going directly from the console
or at the bottom of your controllers now
there's going to be a headphone jack you
can plug your headphones into and you're
supposed to have by default
3d audio in any stereo pair of
headphones that includes
regular headphones giant cup headphones
like my astros
earbuds everything is supposed to now
get
3d audio i don't see how that's going to
happen i'm being honest if you have an
el cheapo pair of earbuds
i don't think they're going to do 3d
audio very well i'm just saying
but this is what these companies are
claiming that 3d audio support is built
in and any headphones will have it
um so yeah there will be no more optical
out what you're gonna have to do for
example
my astros use optical out but they use
optical out because the optical goes to
this
this little receiver unit and this
receiver unit decodes the optical audio
into dolby channels
and puts the dolby surround sound
through the standard microphone jack
to my headphones and that's how i get
surround sound this will no longer be
used with the next gen of consoles this
is out completely
all you're going to do you're going to
unplug your headphones from here and
plug this
directly into your controller and
supposedly get surround sound
how good will it be i have absolutely no
idea
you're putting way more work now on the
console to have to decode 3d audio when
it used to be a separate piece of
hardware
now your console has to decode 3d audio
on the fly
i don't know how this is gonna happen i
know you know i guess we'll find out
um
okay
all right anyone else have questions
i am not kidding during the show
gamestop announced a big partnership
with microsoft going forward they say
all microsoft stores are now going to
close and they're going to shift their
focus to game stop game stop stock
skyrocketing is a good move
what does it mean first of all what do
they even have in microsoft stores
[ __ ] tablets and [ __ ] like what
i never seen an actual microsoft store
i've seen a ridiculous amount of apple
stores i've never seen a microsoft store
so i don't know what they have at the
microsoft store
i don't think it's a loss then right um
if this means they're going to have
exclusive microsoft stuff only available
at gamestop i guess that's cool
but i don't until we actually know what
it is right
until we actually know exactly what this
partnership means
um there's no way that we can know
anything
so there's no point to even speculate
about it right there's none
okay
was my feral favorite harold remus movie
ghostbusters one
although he was in a lot of good movies
how are my ears they're back my ears are
fine my ears are 100 zero pain zero
swelling nothing my ears are good
that's why i'm hoping i can keep it that
way i won't be wearing headphones unless
there's games that absolutely need it
like amnesia yeah i'm gonna wear it
new releases that need surround sound i
have a lot of dialogue yeah i'll wear
them but even then i'll be taking breaks
you know every 15 minutes or every
hour so i'll take like a 10 minute break
and take them off put them around my
neck so that way i'm not
overheating my ears and creating that
that environment okay
hydrocarbon i have no money to invest in
the stock market you're out of your mind
what's my favorite rick moranis movie
spaceballs
yep he's really good in spaceballs like
that's probably
like top level rick moranis
in a lot of ways he steals the movie
he's not even the hero
he's the main villain and he steals the
[ __ ] movie he's so good
a lot of people say honey i shrunk the
kids i think he was good honey i shrunk
the kids but
space balls sorry
any guess when we get gta 6 we're still
years away
i would guess they're developing it now
but we're not gonna at least another two
years
because the new console just came out so
give it like two years probably like
maybe
fury niku i've heard a cry of fear never
heard of 999
thank you django pops there's no
question but i hope you're doing well
anonymous cheer did 100 [ __ ] here thank
you very much we're going on a journey
just a couple minutes guys so last
chance for questions or if you want to
contribute to help out please do
um once the show adjourns i'll remind
you of what's going on the rest of the
week which is all
doing the very gameplay tip you know
contributions would be real slow for
this show
and it seems like most people were under
the impression they don't want another
ass to king so i don't even know
or should we do another one i don't know
guys
luna but just took me two dollars thank
you luna but appreciate that funny
because that probably was coming through
before i said a word
okay there we go
my least favorite video game fast food
restaurant i don't think i know enough
of them to have a least favorite
shui cheered again and said if you don't
have an xbox one or a pc you think a
series x is a good move
uh yeah it's gonna be the only way to
play microsoft exclusives and
obviously you know bethesda games are
gonna have some kind of an advantage
moving forward on that console so if you
don't have a pc that's a big selling
point
for our series x i feel if you have a pc
now
it's negligible because most of those
games are going to come on pc anyway
right
uh someone just asked i think it was
called a fade they said now that i've
been i'm gonna take these off for now
i'm not playing any games anyway he said
now that i'm retired from competitive
street fighter which i am i'm not going
back to it
um do i feel that now i'm more respected
in the community than before when i
actively played are you crazy no
no one in the community talks about me
when they do they talk [ __ ] and the
reason is
the community is very fickle the street
fighter community was always very fickle
it really was like it's like what are
you doing for me today seriously like
you'd be you'd run a [ __ ] major
tournament
you know that's regarded as wow went
really well really good tournament
and then two months later they'd be like
oh who are you you know
that's how it always was um and if you
were always
staying on top people would just forget
who got not respect you not know who you
were
although it's not like that everywhere
there were some places where people were
very respectful
of people who they called kind of the
og's it was funny because
to me the og's are guys like john troy
mike watson alex valle seth killian
david serlin jason wilson um
you know those are the guys that when i
think the og street fighter guys that
were there from day one and were known
for being top players
those are the guys that pop into my head
when you say oh geez
people started calling me an og just
because i had been
around for so long and been known for
for running tournaments and placing in
super turbo
people started calling me an og i was
like dude i don't even think of myself
like that i was kind of the new breed i
was one of the upstarts
in you know the early 2000's trying to
make a name for myself and i
honestly never really did until super
turbo came to more prominence in the mid
2000s i started doing well
um in the in the tournaments but i never
saw myself as that at all
um but
no now people anyone who talks about me
street fighter usually talks [ __ ] about
me
and usually something completely
uninformed and dumb that they don't even
understand
there are people that say oh he's the
guy who said he he pulled a knife on
someone at a fighting game tournament
what that never happened who who said
that who made that [ __ ] up
that's what i mean they did they would
most people probably won't even know who
i am
if they know me it's not from street
fighter they know me from the years of
content creation on the internet and
other memes and things that have erupted
out of that they don't know me as the
street fighter player from back in the
day
you know what i mean
elon just chooses you remember when the
direct detractor called you darksvidil
in a
cod game that was hilarious no that
never happened actually
never happened actually i don't remember
if it did or not i don't remember
no furious kirk i've not seen the boys
nope
i've never seen that either my favorite
lizard nielsen movie oh smoking
the the the naked gun oh [ __ ]
one of the first two naked guns they're
both really good
both first two naked gun movies are
great the third one's kind of [ __ ]
the first two are all good though
am i doing more dsp tries yes i'm doing
where tsp tries it
uh this uh halloween marathon what am i
doing i have no idea
but we have to think of something we
have three weeks left to think of
something good for dsp tries it yeah we
got to think of something together
that we want to do for the halloween
marathon because i honestly don't know
what i'm doing
i'd like suggestions
taco bell grande stalker stacker
actually grande stalker
yeah that's right the cold war beta
comes out this weekend i keep forgetting
because timbo
told me about it last night so let's
think of the schedule right now tonight
is fall guys tomorrow
it's going to be amnesia and street
fighter saturday it's going to be crash
4 and uh
the conclusion of fire emblem so then
sunday i could technically do the black
ops beta if you guys want to see it on
the main stream
um sunday night then ow sand in my eye
here it could be
animal crossing then on monday i would
either do more crash four or more
amnesia and
fall guys fair enough we could do that
but it just means that either crash four
or he's gonna be played one less stream
this week
jonah the rabbit said [ __ ] it i tried to
ask you something well i'm sorry jono i
didn't see your question
am i hopeful for the future of street
fighter as cookie monster i mean
i would i don't want to give up hope on
street fighter i'm very skeptical that
they'll do anything good because it
seems like most of the people who knew
what they were doing
who developed street fighter games don't
work there anymore they got these b
team c team d teams working on street
fighter that don't even understand basic
[ __ ] combat mechanics anymore
so i don't know i would like to think
they'll make a good game again i
definitely want to give street fighter 6
a shot but
i have no confidence or faith that they
will do a good game let's put it that
way
harvard wolf took me two dollars for
these cents and i've seen you for a long
time remember wet play-through
yes but uh do you feel like you have the
development sense of thick skin
or develop the sense of scan i don't
know how you do it but cheers to you
have a good night thank you hyperwolf i
mean
at this point i have to constantly
people just say [ __ ] about me that's
untrue
insane conspiracy theories wackier than
anything then that our government
or or you know people could come up with
these weirdo conspiracy theories they're
worse the ones that they make up about
me
um but you know i just i all i do is i
focus on the positive stuff on my
streams and i let it roll off i don't i
don't let it bother me anymore you know
frog instruction in retrospect you have
you started doing let's plays in the
days of his infancy or would you rather
start it when it was more widespread and
mature
um i don't think i would have been
popular if it weren't if i didn't start
it when i did you know
i don't think so i don't think that i
ever would have a leak of popularity
like i do now or had if i hadn't started
when i did it was right place right time
i struck when the iron was as hot as
possible
you know
the thing is there are people who
definitely jumped in and doing it after
after me duh
but the most of those people who jumped
in and did it after me they came in with
a different attitude and a totally
different skill set
they could video edit well they came in
with a lot of money to invest into it to
have a good setup and everything
i was just some nobody with no money
nothing just [ __ ] around
and at that time when i started doing it
it was possible for that to become
popular
today you can't just [ __ ] around and
become popular you have to have
a professionalism to it you have to have
a certain level of expertise a certain
level of production value that i didn't
have
but it was okay back then because no one
else did either you see
it changed over time if i were to jump
into today i would never be successful
there you go
elon just cheers it do you have the best
job in the world and if not what's the
dream job i don't know dude it's the
best job i've ever had i don't know it's
the best job in the world but it's the
best job i've ever had
put it that way
counterfeit i have no idea he says if i
could make a totally new gameplay
mechanic for a new street fighter game
what would it be i'd have to sit here
and think about it because it has to be
something that doesn't break the game
but also it's fun to implement
um and eat and you know something that
everyone can access
there's a lot of factors that come to
something like that that's not a
question i can just answer on the fly
with no pre-thought
okay timo slices he's really liking
season two of fall guys so far god i'm
looking forward to that tonight guys i
am
to
i have no recollection how much this hat
was cheerio eater i bought it a year a
decade ago
i don't know how much this cost
oh my god i think questions are dying
out here guys
nah furious kirk i don't think i'm
playing any other version of crisis i
think the remaster was enough wasted
money and it's dead in the water i'm not
interested in anymore
oh yeah expand dogs as the team games
have been removed from fall
guys is a new lobby option that selects
from specific game stages
all right we'll see we'll see tonight
you know cookie monsters am i sad that
the traditional the traditional
popularity of halloween is fading away i
mean
the thing is it wasn't popular the
popularity of halloween was actually an
all-time high until the pandemic
and then what are you gonna do you know
the pandemic essentially
this year has ended halloween and
there's not much you can do about
it right um it doesn't mean that it
won't be back and it won't be back and
maybe
things change too you know maybe we'll
find a way to do it more safely rather
than going to strangers houses i have no
idea
but for now yeah halloween's pretty dead
all stores out there now
are christmas i'm not even kidding
stores have abandoned halloween because
they realize no one's gonna buy
halloween [ __ ] this year because there's
no trick-or-treating
so every store now has their full
christmas stuff out
on the shelves crazy christmas trees
everything is out it's nuts
huh
sorry god i wish i could do more irl
streams dude i do these every day
sarah's gotta every stream i put out is
an irl stream don't you get that now
like every stream i do is interactive
where i answer questions it's not
dedicated to that but
there's giant chunks of every stream i
do where i talk like this so
nope never had any ghost encounter or
anything like that with back baby
no paranormal happenings in my life up
to this point to my knowledge
what's my favorite halloween candy
anything with chocolate um
you know nestle crunch hershey bar those
little mini miniature bars that they do
um you know and seriously
reese's peanut butter cups hershey kiss
m m's anything with chocolate that's my
thing
chocolate i'm a chocoholic
can't stop myself from eating it
all right when someone says meow meow
meow in the stream chat i think that's
my cutest
to tap out here guys
all right folks so that is it for ask
the king thanks for a great episode i
hope you enjoyed it i'm going to upload
this right now to the king of hate
uh vlogs on youtube um it's up to you if
you want me to keep doing it it just
seems like this episode there weren't
many great questions and that even like
i said the support if it weren't for
no couture you know i don't know i don't
know how this would have went so
maybe this is the logical end of ask the
king maybe it's not i've already posted
up
a place on the forums for you to ask
questions for our next episode if we do
do one it'll be in early december
um let me know what you think all right
let me know what you think and we'll go
from there all right guys thank you for
a great episode
um until next time peace out my friends
see you later